2024/25 Season
Tickets On Sale Now
Our State, Your Symphony
(Explore) -- links to schedule

2024/25 Season Brochure
Browse the 2024/25 Season and join us as we celebrate the start of our second century of music-making in Colorado.
(Explore the Season) -- links to schedule


Explore Our Community Education Programs
Engage your students with immersive, educational programming including youth concerts and open rehearsals with your Colorado Symphony.

First-Timer’s Guide
First time at the Symphony? Not sure what to see or where to start? Learn about the Colorado Symphony experience, the performance, and the music, with frequently asked questions specifically for Symphony newcomers.
(Start Here) -- links to FAQ

Before & After the Concert
Your Colorado Symphony offers pre and post-concert events to enhance your performance experience, including Preludes, Talkbacks, and HalfNotes activities.

Family Series
HalfNotes
Held in the Bach Room of Boettcher Concert Hall, these activities take place prior to specific family-friendly concerts throughout the season. Activities are individually curated for each concert and will feature rotating activities like concert-related crafts!
(View HalfNotes Concerts) -- links to schedule

Classics Series
Preludes
Preludes take place at 6:30 p.m. (FRI & SAT) and 12 p.m. (SUN) in Boettcher Concert Hall, before every Classics performance, and are included with your concert ticket. Dive deeper into the music, learn about planning a concert, take a peak behind the curtain, and more! For details on a specific event date, please visit the individual performance web page or contact us at tickets@coloradosymphony.org.
(View All Classics) -- links to schedule

Classics Series
Talkbacks
Following select Classics performances, enjoy a special 15-minute, post-concert discussion with the guest artist or conductor. Talkbacks take place in Boettcher Concert Hall and are included with your concert ticket. To find out which concerts include a Talkback, check the individual performance web page or contact us at tickets@coloradosymphony.org.
(View All Classics) -- links to schedule

Colorado Symphony Guild Shop
Gift Shop
Take home Colorado Symphony brand merchandise, fabulous jewelry, and must-have musical themed items from the Colorado Symphony Guild Shop. Located in Gallery 1 on the first floor of Boettcher Concert Hall, The Shop is the perfect place to pick up unique gifts, seasonal fashions, and of course recordings produced by, and of, the Colorado Symphony.
(Learn More) -- links to about/contact